"@aluss he's going to be performing at mason,&amp; that's so close from here, i'm soo sad! lol, hopefully he'll come to JMU next time!  miss u!"
@YaggaYow My vacations are not until november.These five year olds are kicking the hell out of me. I am sooo tired 
Yoga makes slouching painfulllll 
Just had tennis. Someone made me angry 
"OH NO...Patriot Safety Rodney Harrison is retiring. Boohoo. We'll miss you, Rodney! "
Laying in bed and reading because i'm sick. 
@ryan_andrew haha yesss! i wanna see you tomorrow 
2 weeks worth of grass and weed growth to sort out after holiday - nice 
@DianaOA hahaha it's not important but it's saaadd...  i'll tell u later.. i promise but it doesn't involve..love.. haha
@DeepyJo How rude  save me a burger!
Was just informed that Bradley Cooper was on the lot recently. What the hell?! I'm soooo unlucky. God is too nervous I'll freak I guess.. 
im not feeling good at all 
"@heyaimeee oh lol I don't use that one, this is my proper one! Don't give up on fanfic  wait for all the crap to sort itself out!"
"@LoBosworth I'm sorry.   Breaking up sucks, but you're a catch, baby.  Love from Toronto."
omg i heard justine didnt win  poor her it was her 2nd chance. i really hope she makes it to last week she is such a gr8 cook
@mandycouch I know exactly what you mean - dealing with the same thing myself.  I hope things get better soon!
Oh my god a mosquito bit me on my jaw liiiiine urrrggghhhh it itches so bad  its giving me shivers to fight the urge to scratch it.
is sat in Chemistry class! So boring 
...wednesday already too bad I have to work saturday so no TGIF for me 
im so unhappy... why? 
looking for a suitable job for me since i didnt get in to any university.... 
Closin dwn shop 2 watch MTV Movie Awards &amp;catch the trailer 4 &quot;New Moon&quot; can't wait. I hear it comes out in November!! 
Yay... We are stuck in traffic because someone chose the wrong way to drive! We have been waiting in the same spot for like 10 minutes!!! 
"Another exam today!  but when 12pm comes rolling in, ill be happy because it will be my last exam for the semester! CELEBRATE!"
@brettmorrison I have downloaded the photo recovery program and so far it hasn't found anything. 
@ArsenalSarah i had a car crash  x
raining. again.. guess soccers off 
@RuthanneReid Awful. I think of the relatives waiting for news and how they must be hoping/dreading 
@Specialee I'm so addicted Lee 
Whinging. My client&amp;boss don't understand English well. Rewrote some text unreadable. It's written by v. good writer&amp;reviewed correctly. 
"My school, which stood tall for 138 years is being brought to the ground! Victim of gentrification! "
i am currently peeing my pants about tomorrow 
@Cheryl_Smithem I've got to have them. My company is on a boardwalk with each dept in buliding. I've got to go outside to go anywhere. 
@quwanaisnotmynm davey is 
"ok, I am done twitting...got to get in bed.  Good night."
"also, I miss my boys. "
@jazzyobaby Im sorry I didnt know u wanted to come 
sore arm from crash is slowing me down today